Oh No
toda we're not in Kansas anymore I want
all the guns in the world but I don't
know girl
we'll go P then but then ask her me okay
there's a stain on my shirt because I
was eating a really good sandwich
and I dripped it on myself so what do I
do elephant necklace right there it's
five it's fine people's the brushes but
you don't want to know what happened
over there
look my mug has a sweater I like you too
so your favorite no it's not oh okay
sorry didn't mean to like you know upset
you bye
oh you're saying bye to me okay sorry
just go on your own event ribbon see how
it is I forgot something I got it what
if I were like this swaggy I'm totally
kidding I don't have swag although I
wish I did I just I just don't have swag
I'm sorry guys aw cars
and also
you know I'm sick because I'm acting
like total weirdo all the time I'm
pretty sure that I feel really awkward
right now because people are so oh my
god somebody's staring at me this is
beautiful there's this fly flying around
my room and I just want to capture it
sunny day oh look at my hands are bloody
years - that was lame
and by the way does anyone else feel
uncomfortable about the name choker
necklace it just seems a bit aggressive
I don't know but I prefer the name neck
necklaces you know I'm saying oh go girl
get it like french fries this like that
deuces